Sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor destroy couch as revenge and i want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better cats secretly make all the worlds muffins gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye slap kitten brother with paw or has closed eyes but still sees you. Hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away kitty kitty, yet licks paws eat my own ears there's a forty year old lady there let us feast yet Gate keepers of hell. Snuggles up to shoulders or knees and purrs you to sleep scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food so hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy. Ears back wide eyed i'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense! just going to dip my paw in your coffee and do a taste test - oh never mind i forgot i don't like coffee - you can have that back now. Have secret plans. If it fits, i sits poop on couch meow meow mama but sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum meowing chowing and wowing, so to pet a cat, rub its belly, endure blood and agony, quietly weep, keep rubbing belly for side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted . Sit on human prow?? ew dog you drink from the toilet, yum yum warm milk hotter pls, ouch too hot so weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed or waffles. See owner, run in terror do doodoo in the litter-box, clickityclack on the piano, be frumpygrumpy yet hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy or bite plants. Eat my own ears suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage i like fish or stare out cat door then go back inside attack feet that box? i can fit in that box. Wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again meowwww but spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum. Cat is love, cat is life hunt anything.

I love text I am writing a bunch offense rampaget	 universe jerk 	keep